Goldman         Economics 
Sachs           Research                                                              25 July 2025 | 12:56PM EDT 

Weekly Fund Flows 

Cyclicals Supported, Defensives Depressed 

Global fund flows, week ending July 23                                              Isabella +1(212)357-7628 Rosenberg | 
    Flows into mutual funds and related investment products showed modest flows     Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
    into equities and strong flows into bonds. 

    Net flows into global equity funds were soft in the week ending July 23 (+$6bn 
    vs +$5bn in the previous week). Across G10, flows were mixed; US and Japan 
    equity funds saw net outflows, while Euro area equity funds saw net inflows. 
    Investors remain focused on repatriation out of US assets; the data continue to 
    suggest that foreign demand for US equities has slowed significantly and 
    remains subdued across both Europe and Asia (see below). This is primarily true 
    in equities, while bond flows have not exhibited a similar pattern. Global and EM 
    benchmark funds both saw solid demand. Within EM, South Korea has 
    continued to see the strongest inflows in recent weeks, while Taiwan has seen 
    the largest outflows. At the sector level, industrials and financials continue to 
    attract the strongest net inflows. There has been a more notable divergence 
    between flows into cyclicals versus defensives since the beginning of July, with 
    investors showing a stronger preference for cyclicals and net selling defensives 
    (see Chart of the Week). 

    Flows into global fixed income funds were very firm, with demand benefiting 
    both government and corporate credit products (+$27bn vs +$17bn in the 
    previous week). Over the last four weeks, bank loans have seen the strongest 
    inflows as a percentage of AUM. Investors have also begun to net purchase 
    inflation-protected securities over the past two weeks. In EM, local currency 
    bond funds continue to attract very strong inflows. Money market fund assets 
    increased by $14bn. 
    Cross-border FX flows were strong. EUR continues to attract firm net foreign 
    inflows. In Asia, SGD, TWD, and HKD have seen the strongest foreign inflows in 
    recent weeks. 

Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html.