Goldman Sachs 

 (2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom's departure from the European Union and the European 
 Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
 recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at https://www.gs.com/disclosures/europeanpolicy.html which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research. 

 Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 
 69, and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, The 
 Investment Trusts Association, Japan, and Japan Investment Advisers Association. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission 
 pre-determined with clients plus consumption tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock 
 exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company. 

 Global product; distributing entities 
 Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
 in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A .; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
 by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C .; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd .; in Japan by 
 Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd .; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New 
Zealand Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the 
 United States of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in 
the United Kingdom. 
 Goldman Sachs International ("GSI"), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority ("PRA") and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
 ("FCA") and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 

 European Economic Area: GSI, authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA, disseminates research in the following jurisdictions 
 within the European Economic Area: the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Italy, the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Kingdom of 
 Norway, the Republic of Finland and the Republic of Ireland; GSI - Succursale de Paris (Paris branch) which is authorised by the French Autorité de 
 contrôle prudentiel et de resolution ("ACPR") and regulated by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution and the Autorité des marches 
 financiers ("AMF") disseminates research in France; GSI - Sucursal en    (Madrid branch) authorized in Spain by the Comisión Nacional del 
 Mercado de Valores disseminates research in the Kingdom of Spain; GSI - Sweden Bankfilial (Stockholm branch) is authorized by the SFSA as a "third 
country branch" in accordance with Chapter 4, Section 4 of the Swedish Securities and Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) 
disseminates research in the Kingdom of Sweden; Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE ("GSBE") is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German 
 Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research 
in the Federal Republic of Germany and those jurisdictions within the European Economic Area where GSI is not authorised to disseminate research 
and additionally, GSBE, Copenhagen Branch filial af GSBE, Tyskland, supervised by the Danish Financial Authority disseminates research in the Kingdom 
 of Denmark; GSBE - Sucursal en España (Madrid branch) subject (to a limited extent) to local supervision by the Bank of Spain disseminates research in 
the Kingdom of Spain; GSBE - Succursale Italia (Milan branch) to the relevant applicable extent, subject to local supervision by the Bank of Italy (Banca 
d'Italia) and the Italian Companies and Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa "Consob") disseminates research in 
Italy; GSBE - Succursale de Paris (Paris branch), supervised by the AMF and by the ACPR disseminates research in France; and GSBE - Sweden 
 Bankfilial (Stockholm branch), to a limited extent, subject to local supervision by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinpektionen) 
 disseminates research in the Kingdom of Sweden. 

 General disclosures 
 This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
 consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
 forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
 of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst's judgment. 
 Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
 banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & 
 Co. LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC (https://www.sipc.org). 

 Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
 trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
 We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, and buy or sell, the 
securities or derivatives, if any, referred to in this research, unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy. 
 The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
 necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 

 Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
 This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
 This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be 
 illegal. It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of 
 individual clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if 
appropriate, seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them 
 may fluctuate. Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. 

24 July 2025                                                                                                                                 4