Morgan Stanley                                                                                    July 24, 2025 

Is DeepSeek a Bearish Signal for Data Center Demand? 
We believe the answer is no 
1. More innovation drives more complex models, and consequently more demand for compute 
2. The level of Al adoption is under-appreciated 
3. The value of non-linear Al improvement is under-appreciated - a quote from Dario Amodei, CEO of 
  Anthropic: "all else equal, scaling up the training of Al systems leads to smoothly better results on a range 
  of cognitive tasks, across the board ... These differences tend to have huge implications in practice - another 
 factor of 10 may correspond to the difference between an undergraduate and PhD skill level - and thus 
  companies are investing heavily in training these models ... The field is constantly coming up with ideas, large 
  and small, that make things more effective or efficient: it could be an improvement to the architecture of the 
  model ... or simply a way of running the model more efficiently on the underlying hardware. New generations 
  of hardware also have the same effect. What    this typically does is shift the curve: if the innovation is a 2x 
  'compute multiplier' (CM), then it allows you to get 40% on a coding task for $5M instead of $10M; or 60% for 
  $50M instead of $100M, etc ... Because the value of having a more intelligent system is so high, this 
  shifting of the curve typically causes companies to spend more, not less, on training models: the 
  gains in cost efficiency end up entirely devoted to training smarter models, limited only by the 
  company's financial resources. People are naturally attracted to the idea that 'first something is expensive, 
 then it gets cheaper' - as if Al is a single thing of constant quality, and when it gets cheaper, we'll use fewer 
  chips to train it. But what's important is the scaling curve: when it shifts, we simply traverse it faster, because 
  the value of what's at the end of the curve is so high." 

                                                                                                             25