Morgan Stanley                                                                                                                                                                     July 24, 2025 

Disclosures (cont.) 

recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited; in Germany and the European Economic Area where required by Morgan 
Stanley Europe S.E., authorised and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, which accepts 
responsibility for its contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, 
disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"); (ii) are persons who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are 
persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended) may otherwise lawfully be 
communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned 
equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by FirstRand Limited. The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being 
disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital Market Authority in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) or by Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as defined by the DFSA or the 
FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets the regulatory criteria of a Professional 
Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available upon request from your sales representative. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (the QFCRA), and is 
directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA. 
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment advisory service 
is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These opinions may not fit to your 
financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about outcomes that fit your expectations. 
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating to the accuracy, 
completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was developed by and is the exclusive 
property of MSCI and S&P. 
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework. 
The issuers and/or fixed income products recommended or discussed in certain fixed income research reports may not be continuously followed. Accordingly, investors should regard those fixed income 
research reports as providing stand-alone analysis and should not expect continuing analysis or additional reports relating to such issuers and/or individual fixed income products. 
Morgan Stanley may hold, from time to time, material financial and commercial interests regarding the company subject to the Research report. 
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. 
Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. 
The following authors are neither Equity Research Analysts/Strategists nor Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity or fixed income 
securities: Todd Castagno, CFA, CPA. 
The following authors are Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity securities: Carolyn L Campbell; Vishwas Patkar; Lindsay A Tyler. 

                                                                                                                                                                                                       38