Morgan Stanley                                                                                                                                                                      July 24, 2025 

Disclosures (cont.) 

The "Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or more of a class of common equity 
securities of the companies. For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment of less than 1% in securities/instruments or derivatives of 
securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the preparation of Morgan Stanley 
Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley 
Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated persons. 
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive information, but we 
make no representation that it is accurate or complete. We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from when we intend to discontinue equity 
research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley 
business areas, including investment banking personnel. 
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of associated expenses unless pre-approved by 
authorized members of Research management. 
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report. 
To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). Such 
information is for your reference only. The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions. Morgan Stanley Research may not be distributed to 
the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley. Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange 
Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party (including but not limited to related parties, affiliated 
companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on 
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments. MSTL may not 
execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments. 
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC. Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities in the PRC. PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant approvals, licenses, verifications and/or 
registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision of any consultancy or advisory service of securities 
investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, Sao Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão de Valores 
Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, Col. Bosques de las 
Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by 
Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) 
and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should 
be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118J); in 
Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, 
which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd 
(A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by 
Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") and holder of licenses 
as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository 
participant with National Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, 
India; Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use Al tools in providing research services. All 

                                                                                                                                                                                                        37