Morgan Stanley                                                                                                                          July 24, 2025 

What are investors asking? 

                     How will GPUs be financed, particularly for non-IG buyers? 
                     While it is clear that hyperscalers have both the cash on hand and access to capital markets necessary to 
                     buy GPUs and build/lease data centers as needed, investors are more skeptical about non-IG and relatively 
                     new Al players' ability to finance their purchases of GPUs in size and over time. Loans backed by GPUs that 
                     amortize over time (and over a shorter period than the chips' useful life) is likely to be a popular solution. 
                     Moreover, companies that lease these GPUs to high-quality counterparties benefit from strong contractual 
                     terms that ensure cash flow over the term of the loan. We think public securitization could be a potential 
                     solution, but not likely until later this decade. HY unsecured issuance is also an option but will come at a cost 
                     to the borrower with rates in the high-single digits to mid-teens. 

                     Is this another credit bubble? Why is this time different? 
                     Seasoned credit investors will recall that through the later part of the 90s, corporates were very aggressive 
                     with their capital allocation, and debt/leverage increased sharply. The period ultimately ended with the 
                     sharpest default cycle in recent history from 2000-04. Clearly, debt growth of this magnitude runs into the 
                     risk of obsolescence, slower monetization, and weak macro conditions. An encouraging sign, though, is the 
                     diverse pools of capital that are available today, which can distribute the warehousing of credit risk (unlike 
                     the late 1990s when it was concentrated on corporate balance sheets). The ultra-high-quality credit profile of 
                     hyperscalers and significant cash on hand mean less sensitivity to macro conditions. 

                                                                                                                                                        11