1) China's investment banks have slashes fees for bond issues to as low as $100 
as price-sensitive state-owned issuers dominate a tepid credit market and stoke a 
race to the bottom to win mandates. Bankers aid the pressure to undercut rivals 
had become acute this year as state owned enterprises had become the most active 
bond issuers and private companies pulled back. FT 

2) Japan's flash PMIs for Jul are mixed, with manufacturing coming in at 48.8 
(down from 50.1 in June) and services at 53.5 (up from 51.7 in June). BBG 

3) The US and South Korea have discussed creating a fund to invest in American 
projects as part of a trade deal, similar to an agreement Japan struck Tuesday with 
President Donald Trump. BBG 

4) The ECB is in wait-and-see mode with no change to rates or language 
expected at today's meeting. Instead, Bloomberg Economics sees a 25-bp cut in 
September to cushion the impact of the US tariffs. BBG 

5) Eurozone flash PMIs for Jul are a bit better than expected thanks to strength in 
services (51.2, up from 50.5 in June and above the Street's 50.6 forecast) while 
manufacturing was inline (49.8, up from 49.5 in June and inline w/the Street's 
49.8 forecast), and the report contained some glimmers of hope on the inflation 
front as price pressures eased somewhat. S&P 

6) Trump will personally participate in a tour of the Fed headquarters on Thurs as 
the White House ratchets up pressure on Powell to lower rates. FT 

7) US trading partners will face tariffs ranging from 15% to 50%, Trump said, as 
he sets rates ahead of an Aug. 1 deadline. BBG 

8) GOOG +3.25% (was -2.5% at one point last night) .. headline beat (~6% EPS 
beat), but surprise capex raise (unexpectedly raised '25 capex by ~$10bn to 
$85bn) .. against what felt like a 'consensus', tactical beat-and-fade type of set- 
up in our investor convos (ongoing DoJ/Search + AI + capex debates .... not to 
mention the 10-day rally into today). (H/T Callahan) 

9) TSLA -6% pre mkt, after Musk shared that Tesla could be in for a "rough few 
quarters" on call as the Trump administration ends EV incentives and tariff 
pressures cause uncertainty for the company following one of its worst earnings 
reports in 10+ yrs. BBG