

       BARCLAYS                                                                                                                Equity Research 
                                                                                                                                  23 July 2025 

Americas Small Cap Research Summary 

Summary of Changes 

                                                         Rating                Price Target             EPS FY1 (E)               EPS FY2 (E) 
  Rating Changes                                    Old       New             Old         New          Old         New           Old         New 

  Replimune Group Inc                   REPL        OW         EW           17.00         3.00        -3.75        -3.22        -2.55       -2.49 
  Zimvie                                ZIMV        UW         EW            9.00        19.00         0.88        0.90         0.95         0.95 

  Target Price Changes 

  Blink Charging                        BLNK        EW         EW             1.50        1.00        -0.44        -0.64        -0.32       -0.52 
                                                                                                                                Source & Legend 

Company Research 

  Blink Charging (BLNK)                           Oatly Group AB (OTLY)                            Replimune Group Inc ( REPL ) 

  Zimvie (ZIMV) 

This summary is compiled from research reports previously published by Barclays Equity Research. A full list of all publications is available on 
Barclays Live. 
Barclays Capital Inc. and/or one of its affiliates does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only 
a single factor in making their investment decision. 
For analyst certifications and important disclosures including, where applicable, foreign affiliate disclosures, and the date and time when the production 
of each recommendation was completed and first disseminated, please refer to the full document(s) attached or included by hyperlink in this email. 

FOR ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS AND IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PLEASE CLICK HERE 
page_end

Publications Summary 

 Consumer 

 Oatly Group AB: 2Q25 Earnings Prep 

 Stock Rating             Overweight               We continue to expect that 2H25 will be stronger than 1H25 from both sales and 
 Industry View            Neutral                  EBITDA perspective, as OTLY has been making investments behind its brand early 
                                                   in the year that will likely not fully pay off until the latter part of the year, such that we 
 Price Target             USD 14.00 
                                                   still look for EBITDA of -$3mm in 2Q25. 
 Price (22 Jul 2025)      USD 15.23 
 EPS FY1 (E)              -4.46                    View full report on Barclays Live                                     Back to Top 
 EPS FY2 (E)              -2.83 
 Market Cap (USD bn)      0.4558 
 Ticker                   OTLY 

 U.S. Food 
 Andrew Lazar 
 +1 212 526 4668 

 BCI, US 

 22 July 2025 

 Healthcare 

 Replimune Group Inc: CRL for RP1 in Advanced Melanoma: Setback on 
 Accelerated Path; Positive for Iovance 

 Stock Rating              Equal Weight            FDA issued a CRL for Replimune's BLA for RP1 in combo with nivo for PD1- 
 Industry View            Positive                 refractory melanoma patients. While no safety concerns were raised, FDA cited 
                                                   issues around trial design and evidence of efficacy. This represents a positive read 
 Price Target              USD 3.00 
                                                   through to lovance (IOVA, OW) with reduced competitive threat. 
 Price (22 Jul 2025)       USD 2.81 
 EPS FY1 (E)              -3.22                    View full report on Barclays Live                                     Back to Top 
 EPS FY2 (E)              -2.49 
 Market Cap (USD bn)      0.2162 
 Ticker                   REPL 

 U.S. Small & Mid Cap Biotechnology 
 Peter Lawson, DPhil (Oxon) 
 +1 212 526 9445 

 BCI, US 

 22 July 2025 
page_end

 Healthcare 

 Replimune Group Inc: Downgrade to EW, PT from $17 to $3 

 Stock Rating           Equal Weight           Downgrade to Equal Weight and lower PT to $3 following the surprising CRL issued 
 Industry View          Positive               by FDA for RP1+PD1 combo, which places a high degree of uncertainty around 
                                               Replimune's lead and subsequent assets in many instances using the same 
 Price Target           USD 3.00 
                                               technology, process or trial design. 
 Price (22 Jul 2025)    USD 2.81 
 EPS FY1 (E)            -3.22                  View full report on Barclays Live                               Back to Top 
 EPS FY2 (E)            -2.49 
Market Cap (USD bn)     0.2162 
Ticker                  REPL 

 U.S. Small & Mid Cap Biotechnology 
 Peter Lawson, DPhil (Oxon) 
 +1 212 526 9445 

 BCI, US 

 22 July 2025 

 Healthcare 

 Zimvie: Raising Our Price Target to Reflect Pending Acquisition; 

 Upgrading to EW 

 Stock Rating           Equal Weight           Given the acquisition of ZIMV announced Monday, we are raising our price target 
 Industry View          Positive               from $9 to $19 and raising our rating from Underweight to Equal Weight. We are 
                                               also updating our model in line with mgmt outlook. 
 Price Target           USD 19.00 
 Price (22 Jul 2025)    USD 18.73              View full report on Barclays Live                               Back to Top 
 EPS FY1 (E)            0.90 
 EPS FY2 (E)            0.95 
 Market Cap (USD bn)    0.523 
 Ticker                 ZIMV 

 U.S. Medical Supplies & Devices 
 Matt Miksic 
 +1 212 526 9189 

 BCI, US 

 22 July 2025 
page_end

Power & Utilities 

Blink Charging:              Model Update 

Stock Rating              Equal Weight            We are providing an updated model to incorporate changes to industry trends and 
                                                  our outlook. 
Industry View            Positive 
Price Target             USD 1.00 
                                                  View full report on Barclays Live                                     Back to Top 
Price (22 Jul 2025)      USD 1.16 
EPS FY1 (E)              -0.64 
EPS FY2 (E)              -0.52 

Market Cap (USD bn)      0.1192 
Ticker                   BLNK 

North America Clean Technology 
Christine Cho, CFA 
+1 212 526 8419 

BCI, US 

22 July 2025 

Explanation of Summary of Changes table 
Source: Barclays Research. Share prices and target prices are shown in the primary listing currency and EPS estimates are shown in reporting 
currency. 
FY1 (E): Current fiscal year estimates by Barclays Research. 
FY2 (E): Next fiscal year estimates by Barclays Research. 
Stock Rating:       OW: Overweight;           EW: Equal Weight;          UW: Underweight;           RS: Rating Suspended 
Industry View: Pos: Positive; Neu: Neutral; Neg: Negative 
                                                                                                        Back to Summary of Changes 

Download the Barclays Live app 

          Download on the             GET IT ON 

          App Store                   Google Play 

    | Data Not Found |
    |-----------------|

    Summary: The provided image `page_4_fig_1.jpg` does not contain any financial or economic charts, time series, bar/line plots, labeled tables, or annotated data that can be converted into structured financial data. Instead, the image displays two buttons for downloading the "Barclays Live app" from the "App Store" (Apple) and "Google Play," serving as direct links for mobile application access. As such, there are no key dimensions, primary trends, or inflection points related to financial data to describe.

    Explanation: This image, placed at the bottom of a page containing financial research updates (e.g., stock ratings, price targets), serves a functional purpose: to promote and facilitate the download of the Barclays Live app. It implies that the detailed financial insights and research mentioned elsewhere in the document can also be accessed and consumed conveniently through a mobile application, enhancing user engagement with Barclays' financial content.

page_end

                                                                                                                                     Back to Top 

 Analyst(s) Certification(s): 
 Each research report excerpted herein was certified under SEC Regulation AC by the analyst primarily responsible for such report as follows: I 
hereby certify that: 1) the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about any or all of the subject securities 
 referred to in this report and; 2) no part of my compensation was, is or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views 
 expressed in this report. 

 Important Disclosures: 
 Barclays Research is produced by the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC and its affiliates (collectively and each individually, "Barclays"). All 
 authors contributing to this research report are Research Analysts unless otherwise indicated. The publication date at the top of the report reflects 
 the local time where the report was produced and may differ from the release date provided in GMT. 
 Availability of Disclosures: 
 Where any companies are the subject of this research report, for current important disclosures regarding those companies please refer to 

 New York, NY 10019 or call +1-212-526-1072. 
 The analysts responsible for preparing this research report have received compensation based upon various factors including the firm's total 
revenues, a portion of which is generated by investment banking activities, the profitability and revenues of the Markets business and the potential 
 interest of the firm's investing clients in research with respect to the asset class covered by the analyst. 

 Analysts regularly conduct site visits to view the material operations of covered companies, but Barclays policy prohibits them from accepting 
payment or reimbursement by any covered company of their travel expenses for such visits. 

 Barclays Research Department produces various types of research including, but not limited to, fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, 
 quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of Barclays Research may differ from those contained in other types 
 of Barclays Research, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise. 

 In order to access Barclays Statement regarding Research Dissemination Policies and Procedures, please refer to 
 com/S/RD.htm. In order to access Barclays Research Conflict Management Policy Statement, please refer to: 
 /CM.htm. 

 Risk Disclosure(s) 
 Master limited partnerships (MLPs) are pass-through entities structured as publicly listed partnerships. For tax purposes, distributions to MLP unit 
 holders may be treated as a return of principal. Investors should consult their own tax advisors before investing in MLP units. 

 Guide to the Barclays Fundamental Equity Research Rating System: 

Our coverage analysts use a relative rating system in which they rate stocks as Overweight, Equal Weight or Underweight (see definitions below) 
 relative to other companies covered by the analyst or a team of analysts that are deemed to be in the same industry ("the industry coverage 
 universe"). To see a list of companies that comprise a particular industry coverage universe, please go to 

In addition to the stock rating, we provide industry views which rate the outlook for the industry coverage universe as Positive, Neutral or Negative 
 (see definitions below). A rating system using terms such as buy, hold and sell is not the equivalent of our rating system. Investors should carefully 
 read the entire research report including the definitions of all ratings and not infer its contents from ratings alone. 

 Stock Rating 
 Overweight - The stock is expected to outperform the unweighted expected total return of the industry coverage universe over a 12-month 
investment horizon. 
 Equal Weight - The stock is expected to perform in line with the unweighted expected total return of the industry coverage universe over a 12- 
 month investment horizon. 
 Underweight - The stock is expected to underperform the unweighted expected total return of the industry coverage universe over a 12-month 
 investment horizon. 
 Rating Suspended - The rating and target price have been suspended temporarily due to market events that made coverage impracticable or to 
 comply with applicable regulations and/or firm policies in certain circumstances including where the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC is acting 
 in an advisory capacity in a merger or strategic transaction involving the company. 

 Industry View 
 Positive - industry coverage universe fundamentals/valuations are improving. 
page_end

 Neutral - industry coverage universe fundamentals/valuations are steady, neither improving nor deteriorating. 
 Negative - industry coverage universe fundamentals/valuations are deteriorating. 

Distribution of Ratings: 
 Barclays Equity Research has 1817 companies under coverage. 
 48% have been assigned an Overweight rating which, for purposes of mandatory regulatory disclosures, is classified as a Buy rating; 55% of 
companies with this rating are investment banking clients of the Firm; 71% of the issuers with this rating have received financial services from the 
 Firm. 
36% have been assigned an Equal Weight rating which, for purposes of mandatory regulatory disclosures, is classified as a Hold rating; 48% of 
companies with this rating are investment banking clients of the Firm; 65% of the issuers with this rating have received financial services from the 
 Firm. 
 14% have been assigned an Underweight rating which, for purposes of mandatory regulatory disclosures, is classified as a Sell rating; 34% of 
 companies with this rating are investment banking clients of the Firm; 57% of the issuers with this rating have received financial services from the 
 Firm. 

 Guide to the Barclays Research Price Target: 
 Each analyst has a single price target on the stocks that they cover. The price target represents that analyst's expectation of where the stock will 
 trade in the next 12 months. Upside/downside scenarios, where provided, represent potential upside/potential downside to each analyst's price 
 target over the same 12-month period. 

 Types of investment recommendations produced by Barclays Equity Research: 
 In addition to any ratings assigned under Barclays' formal rating systems, this publication may contain investment recommendations in the form of 
 trade ideas, thematic screens, scorecards or portfolio recommendations that have been produced by analysts within Equity Research. Any such 
 investment recommendations shall remain open until they are subsequently amended, rebalanced or closed in a future research report. 
 Barclays may also re-distribute equity research reports produced by third-party research providers that contain recommendations that differ from and 
 /or conflict with those published by Barclays' Equity Research Department. 
 Disclosure of other investment recommendations produced by Barclays Equity Research: 
 Barclays Equity Research may have published other investment recommendations in respect of the same securities/instruments recommended in 
 this research report during the preceding 12 months. To view all investment recommendations published by Barclays Equity Research in the 
preceding 12 months please refer to 
 Legal entities involved in producing Barclays Research: 
 Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays, UK) 
 Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI, US) 
 Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Frankfurt Branch (BBI, Frankfurt) 
 Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Paris Branch (BBI, Paris) 
 Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Milan Branch (BBI, Milan) 
 Barclays Securities Japan Limited (BSJL, Japan) 
 Barclays Bank PLC, Hong Kong Branch (Barclays Bank, Hong Kong) 
 Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A. (BBMX, Mexico) 
 Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (BCCB, Mexico) 
 Barclays Securities (India) Private Limited (BSIPL, India) 
 Barclays Bank PLC, Singapore Branch (Barclays Bank, Singapore) 
 Barclays Bank PLC, DIFC Branch (Barclays Bank, DIFC) 

 Disclaimer: 
 This publication has been produced by Barclays Research Department in the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC and/or one or more of its 
affiliates (collectively and each individually, "Barclays"). 
 It has been prepared for institutional investors and not for retail investors. It has been distributed by one or more Barclays affiliated legal entities 
 listed below or by an independent and non-affiliated third-party entity (as may be communicated to you by such third-party entity in its 
communications with you). It is provided for information purposes only, and Barclays makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly 
 disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to any data included in this publication. To the extent 
 that this publication states on the front page that it is intended for institutional investors and is not subject to all of the independence and disclosure 
 standards applicable to debt research reports prepared for retail investors under U.S. FINRA Rule 2242, it is an "institutional debt research report" 
 and distribution to retail investors is strictly prohibited. Barclays also distributes such institutional debt research reports to various issuers, media, 
 regulatory and academic organisations for their own internal informational news gathering, regulatory or academic purposes and not for the purpose 
 of making investment decisions regarding any debt securities. Media organisations are prohibited from re-publishing any opinion or recommendation 
 concerning a debt issuer or debt security contained in any Barclays institutional debt research report. Any such recipients that do not want to 
 continue receiving Barclays institutional debt research reports should contact debtresearch@barclays.com. Unless clients have agreed to receive 
 "institutional debt research reports" as required by US FINRA Rule 2242, they will not receive any such reports that may be co-authored by non-debt 
 research analysts. Eligible clients may get access to such cross asset reports by contacting debtresearch@barclays.com. Barclays will not treat 
 unauthorized recipients of this report as its clients and accepts no liability for use by them of the contents which may not be suitable for their 
personal use. Prices shown are indicative and Barclays is not offering to buy or sell or soliciting offers to buy or sell any financial instrument. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the extent permitted by law, in no event shall Barclays, nor any affiliate, nor any of their respective 
 officers, directors, partners, or employees have any liability for (a) any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages; or (b) any lost profits, 
page_end

lost revenue, loss of anticipated savings or loss of opportunity or other financial loss, even if notified of the possibility of such damages, arising from 
any use of this publication or its contents. 
 Other than disclosures relating to Barclays, the information contained in this publication has been obtained from sources that Barclays Research 
believes to be reliable, but Barclays does not represent or warrant that it is accurate or complete. Appearances by Third-Party Speakers: Any views 
 or opinions expressed by third-party speakers during this event are solely those of the speaker and do not represent the views or opinions of 
 Barclays. Barclays is not responsible for, and makes no warranties whatsoever as to, the information or opinions contained in any written, electronic, 
 audio or video presentations by any third-party speakers at the event ("Third-Party Content"). Any such Third-Party Content has not been adopted or 
endorsed by Barclays and does not represent the views or opinions of Barclays. Third-Party Content is provided for information purposes only and 
 has not been independently verified by Barclays for its accuracy or completeness. 
 The views in this publication are solely and exclusively those of the authoring analyst(s) and are subject to change, and Barclays Research has no 
obligation to update its opinions or the information in this publication. Unless otherwise disclosed herein, the analysts who authored this report have 
not received any compensation from the subject companies in the past 12 months. If this publication contains recommendations, they are general 
 recommendations that were prepared independently of any other interests, including those of Barclays and/or its affiliates, and/or the subject 
 companies. This publication does not contain personal investment recommendations or investment advice or take into account the individual 
financial circumstances or investment objectives of the clients who receive it. Barclays is not a fiduciary to any recipient of this publication. The 
 securities and other investments discussed herein may not be suitable for all investors and may not be available for purchase in all jurisdictions. The 
 United States imposed sanctions on certain Chinese companies ( 
and-country-information/chinese-military-companies-sanctions), which may restrict U.S. persons from purchasing securities issued by those 
 companies. Investors must independently evaluate the merits and risks of the investments discussed herein, including any sanctions restrictions that 
 may apply, consult any independent advisors they believe necessary, and exercise independent judgment with regard to any investment decision. 
 The value of and income from any investment may fluctuate from day to day as a result of changes in relevant economic markets (including changes 
 in market liquidity). The information herein is not intended to predict actual results, which may differ substantially from those reflected. Past 
 performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. The information provided does not constitute a financial benchmark and should not be 
 used as a submission or contribution of input data for the purposes of determining a financial benchmark. 
 This publication is not investment company sales literature as defined by Section 270.24(b) of the US Investment Company Act of 1940, nor is it 
intended to constitute an offer, promotion or recommendation of, and should not be viewed as marketing (including, without limitation, for the 
purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (SI 2013/1773) or AIFMD (Directive 2011/61)) or pre-marketing 
 (including, without limitation, for the purposes of Directive (EU) 2019/1160) of the securities, products or issuers that are the subject of this report. 
Third Party Distribution: Any views expressed in this communication are solely those of Barclays and have not been adopted or endorsed by any 
third party distributor. 
 United Kingdom: This document is being distributed (1) only by or with the approval of an authorised person (Barclays Bank PLC) or (2) to, and is 
 directed at (a) persons in the United Kingdom having professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the definition of 
 "investment professionals" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order"); or (b) 
high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and partnerships and trustees of high value trusts as described in Article 49(2) of the Order; 
or (c) other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons being "Relevant Persons"). Any investment or investment 
activity to which this communication relates is only available to and will only be engaged in with Relevant Persons. Any other persons who receive 
this communication should not rely on or act upon it. Barclays Bank PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the 
 Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority and is a member of the London Stock Exchange. 
 European Economic Area ("EEA"): This material is being distributed to any "Authorised User" located in a Restricted EEA Country by Barclays 
 Bank Ireland PLC. The Restricted EEA Countries are Austria, Bulgaria, Estonia, Finland, Hungary, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
 Malta, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. For any other "Authorised User" located in a country of the European Economic Area, this 
 material is being distributed by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is a bank authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland whose registered 
 office is at 1 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Barclays Bank PLC is not registered in France with the Autorité des marchés financiers or the 
 Autorité de contrôle prudentiel. Authorised User means each individual associated with the Client who is notified by the Client to Barclays and 
authorised to use the Research Services. The Restricted EEA Countries will be amended if required. 
 Finland: Notwithstanding Finland's status as a Restricted EEA Country, Research Services may also be provided by Barclays Bank PLC where 
permitted by the terms of its cross-border license. 
 Americas: The Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC undertakes U.S. securities business in the name of its wholly owned subsidiary Barclays 
 Capital Inc., a FINRA and SIPC member. Barclays Capital Inc., a U.S. registered broker/dealer, is distributing this material in the United States and, 
 in connection therewith accepts responsibility for its contents. Any U.S. person wishing to effect a transaction in any security discussed herein 
 should do so only by contacting a representative of Barclays Capital Inc. in the U.S. at 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019. 
 Non-U.S. persons should contact and execute transactions through a Barclays Bank PLC branch or affiliate in their home jurisdiction unless local 
 regulations permit otherwise. 
 This material is distributed in Canada by Barclays Capital Canada Inc., a registered investment dealer, a Dealer Member of Canadian Investment 
Regulatory Organization (www.ciro.ca), and a Member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund (CIPF). 
This material is distributed in Mexico by Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A. and/or Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. This material is distributed 
 in the Cayman Islands and in the Bahamas by Barclays Capital Inc., which it is not licensed or registered to conduct and does not conduct business 
 in, from or within those jurisdictions and has not filed this material with any regulatory body in those jurisdictions. 
 Japan: This material is being distributed to institutional investors in Japan by Barclays Securities Japan Limited. Barclays Securities Japan Limited 
 is a joint-stock company incorporated in Japan with registered office of 6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6131, Japan. It is a subsidiary of 
 Barclays Bank PLC and a registered financial instruments firm regulated by the Financial Services Agency of Japan. Registered Number: Kanto 
 Zaimukyokucho (kinsho) No. 143. 
 Asia Pacific (excluding Japan): Barclays Bank PLC, Hong Kong Branch is distributing this material in Hong Kong as an authorised institution 
 regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Registered Office: 41/F, Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong. 
page_end

All Indian securities-related research and other equity research produced by Barclays' Investment Bank are distributed in India by Barclays 
Securities (India) Private Limited (BSIPL). BSIPL is a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having CIN 
U67120MH2006PTC161063. BSIPL is registered and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Research Analyst: 
INH000001519; Portfolio Manager INP000002585; Stock Broker INZ000269539 (member of NSE and BSE); Depository Participant with the National 
Securities & Depositories Limited (NSDL): DP ID: IN-DP-NSDL-478-2020; Investment Adviser: INA000000391. BSIPL is also registered as a Mutual 
Fund Advisor having AMFI ARN No. 53308. The registered office of BSIPL is at Nirlon Knowledge Park, 9th floor, Block B-6, Off. Western Express 
Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400063, India. Telephone No: +91 22 61754000 Fax number: +91 22 61754099. Any other reports produced 
by Barclays' Investment Bank are distributed in India by Barclays Bank PLC, India Branch, an associate of BSIPL in India that is registered with 
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as a Banking Company under the provisions of The Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (Regn No BOM43) and registered 
with SEBI as Merchant Banker (Regn No INM000002129) and also as Banker to the Issue (Regn No INBI00000950). Barclays Investments and 
Loans (India) Limited, registered with RBI as Non Banking Financial Company (Regn No RBI COR-07-00258), and Barclays Wealth Trustees (India) 
Private Limited, registered with Registrar of Companies (CIN U93000MH2008PTC188438), are associates of BSIPL in India that are not authorised 
to distribute any reports produced by Barclays' Investment Bank. 
This material is distributed in Singapore by the Singapore Branch of Barclays Bank PLC, a bank licensed in Singapore by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. For matters in connection with this material, recipients in Singapore may contact the Singapore branch of Barclays Bank PLC, whose 
registered address is 10 Marina Boulevard, #23-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, Singapore 018983. 
This material, where distributed to persons in Australia, is produced or provided by Barclays Bank PLC. 
This communication is directed at persons who are a "Wholesale Client" as defined by the Australian Corporations Act 2001. 
Please note that the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) has provided certain exemptions to Barclays Bank PLC (BBPLC) 
under paragraph 911A(2)(I) of the Corporations Act 2001 from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence (AFSL) in respect of 
financial services provided to Australian Wholesale Clients, on the basis that BBPLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority of the 
United Kingdom (PRA) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) of the United Kingdom and the PRA under United Kingdom laws. 
The United Kingdom has laws which differ from Australian laws. To the extent that this communication involves the provision of financial services by 
BBPLC to Australian Wholesale Clients, BBPLC relies on the relevant exemption from the requirement to hold an AFSL. Accordingly, BBPLC does 
not hold an AFSL. 
This communication may be distributed to you by either: (i) Barclays Bank PLC directly, (ii) Barrenjoey Markets Pty Limited (ACN 636 976 059, 
"Barrenjoey"), the holder of Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL) 521800, a non-affiliated third party distributor, where clearly identified to 
you by Barrenjoey. Barrenjoey is not an agent of Barclays Bank PLC or (iii) such other non-affiliated third-party distributor(s) as may be clearly 
identified to you. Such non-affiliated third-party distributor(s) are not agents of Barclays Bank PLC. 
This material, where distributed in New Zealand, is produced or provided by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank PLC is not registered, filed with or 
approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority. This material is not provided under or in accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act of 
2013 ("FMCA"), and is not a disclosure document or "financial advice" under the FMCA. This material is distributed to you by either: (i) Barclays 
Bank PLC directly or (ii) Barrenjoey Markets Pty Limited ("Barrenjoey"), a non-affiliated third party distributor, where clearly identified to you by 
Barrenjoey. Barrenjoey is not an agent of Barclays Bank PLC. This material may only be distributed to "wholesale investors" that meet the 
"investment business", "investment activity", "large", or "government agency" criteria specified in Schedule 1 of the FMCA. 
Middle East: Nothing herein should be considered investment advice as defined in the Israeli Regulation of Investment Advisory, Investment 
Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 1995 ("Advisory Law"). This document is being made to eligible clients (as defined under the Advisory 
Law) only. Barclays Israeli branch previously held an investment marketing license with the Israel Securities Authority but it cancelled such license 
on 30/11/2014 as it solely provides its services to eligible clients pursuant to available exemptions under the Advisory Law, therefore a license with 
the Israel Securities Authority is not required. Accordingly, Barclays does not maintain an insurance coverage pursuant to the Advisory Law. 
This material is distributed in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and Qatar by Barclays Bank PLC. 
Barclays Bank PLC in the Dubai International Financial Centre (Registered No. 0060) is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). 
Principal place of business in the Dubai International Financial Centre: The Gate Village, Building 4, Level 4, PO Box 506504, Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates. Barclays Bank PLC-DIFC Branch, may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA 
licence. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
Barclays Bank PLC in the UAE is regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE and is licensed to conduct business activities as a branch of a 
commercial bank incorporated outside the UAE in Dubai (Licence No .: 13/1844/2008, Registered Office: Building No. 6, Burj Dubai Business Hub, 
Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai City) and Abu Dhabi (Licence No .: 13/952/2008, Registered Office: Al Jazira Towers, Hamdan Street, PO Box 2734, Abu 
Dhabi). This material does not constitute or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase, any 
securities or investment products in the UAE (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and accordingly should not be construed as such. 
Furthermore, this information is being made available on the basis that the recipient acknowledges and understands that the entities and securities 
to which it may relate have not been approved, licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority or any 
other relevant licensing authority or governmental agency in the UAE. The content of this report has not been approved by or filed with the UAE 
Central Bank or Dubai Financial Services Authority. Barclays Bank PLC in the Qatar Financial Centre (Registered No. 00018) is authorised by the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA). Barclays Bank PLC-QFC Branch may only undertake the regulated activities that fall within 
the scope of its existing QFCRA licence. Principal place of business in Qatar: Qatar Financial Centre, Office 1002, 10th Floor, QFC Tower, 
Diplomatic Area, West Bay, PO Box 15891, Doha, Qatar. Related financial products or services are only available to Business Customers as 
defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority. 
Russia: This material is not intended for investors who are not Qualified Investors according to the laws of the Russian Federation as it might 
contain information about or description of the features of financial instruments not admitted for public offering and/or circulation in the Russian 
Federation and thus not eligible for non-Qualified Investors. If you are not a Qualified Investor according to the laws of the Russian Federation, 
please dispose of any copy of this material in your possession. 
Sustainable Investing Related Research: There is currently no globally accepted framework or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes a 'sustainable', 'ESG', 'green', 'climate-friendly' or an equivalent company, investment, strategy or 
page_end

consideration or what precise attributes are required to be eligible to be categorised by such terms. This means there are different ways to evaluate 
a company or an investment and so different values may be placed on certain sustainability credentials as well as adverse ESG-related impacts of 
companies and ESG controversies. The evolving nature of sustainable investing considerations, models and methodologies means it can be 
challenging to definitively and universally classify a company or investment under a sustainable investing label and there may be areas where such 
companies and investments could improve or where adverse ESG-related impacts or ESG controversies exist. The evolving nature of sustainable 
finance related regulations and the development of jurisdiction-specific regulatory criteria also means that there is likely to be a degree of divergence 
as to the interpretation of such terms in the market. We expect industry guidance, market practice, and regulations in this field to continue to evolve. 
Any information, data, image, or other content including from a third party source contained, referred to herein or used for whatsoever purpose by 
Barclays or a third party ("Information"), in relation to any actual or potential 'ESG', 'sustainable' or equivalent objective, issue, factor or 
consideration is not intended to be relied upon for ESG or sustainability classification, regulatory regime or industry initiative purposes ("ESG 
Regimes"), unless otherwise stated. Nothing in these materials, including any images included therein, is intended to convey, suggest or indicate 
that Barclays considers or represents any product, service, person or body mentioned in these materials as meeting or qualifying for any ESG or 
sustainability classification, label or similar standards that may exist under ESG Regimes. Barclays has not conducted any assessment of 
compliance with ESG Regimes. Parties are reminded to make their own assessments for these purposes. 
IRS Circular 230 Prepared Materials Disclaimer: Barclays does not provide tax advice and nothing contained herein should be construed to be 
tax advice. Please be advised that any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) (i) is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by you for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties; and (ii) was written to support the promotion or marketing of 
the transactions or other matters addressed herein. Accordingly, you should seek advice based on your particular circumstances from an 
independent tax advisor. 
@ Copyright Barclays Bank PLC          All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or redistributed in any manner without the 
prior written permission of Barclays. Barclays Bank PLC is registered in England No. 1026167. Registered office 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 
5HP. Additional information regarding this publication will be furnished upon request. 

                                                                                                                                   Back to Top 
page_end