

GS Consumer: Top 10 Observations 
FICC and Equities | 27 July 2025 | 12:53PM 
Observations: 
1. No one size fits all approach for Consumer. The consumer feels steady, 
more picky. We are not in a consumer environment that is so good that all 
companies are seeing solid trends, nor are things so weak that we are seeing a 
coordinated slowdown. 
  Income Disparity: Multiple companies are calling out weakness with 
spending from low income cohorts vs strength for premium/upper income. 
3. Tariffs: Stocks are not brushing aside tariff guide-downs, especially in apparel. 
4. Housing stocks (cyclical rotation?): Builders/housing names are largely 
looking past near-term gross margin (incentive increases) and seem to be 
focusing on hopes for better trends in 2026. Housing falls between consumer & 
industrials, so it's worth noting that Industrials has seen 9 straight weeks of 
buying in the PB world (driven by short covering this week), withet exposure is 
at 5-year highs. 
5. Singles: Some of the most asked Elnbounds this week: KDP, EBIRK, EL, HSY, PM 
6. Event of the week[{ahead): NKE CFO meeting withITS this Tuesday. 
7. Trading - Most Active: Some of the most active traded names this week @ GS: 
ACI, AEO, AS, BIRK, DECK (after-mkt on EPS), NKE, VIK, MAR 
8. PB tidbit of the week: While the market holds in great, worth noting that this 
week's $ long selling (GS PB) was largest in 6 months). Consumer discretionary 
was a top active sector and was bought, but the bulk of the activity short covers. 
9. EPS in the weeklahead: Low expectations for PG, investors playing for upside 
in cruise reports, restaurant reports expected to be better next week vs this past 
week. 
10. Defending dips? Better to buy post EPS, but seeing minimal rush defend 
"growth scares (CMG, PM)." Seeing token adds only. 

A BitMore Detail on the Observations From Above: 
Dispersion: Dispersion feels like it's really picking up, both across sub-sectors 
and within the, Consumers are picking which end markets to spend money in and 
picking their favored companies within each @ategory. This week, we heard?] 
mixed trends from restaurants (CMG weak, DPZ good), Boft from toys (HAS & 
MAT), better than expected in footwear (DECK) and a mixed bag in housing 
(SHW, TSCO, DHI, PHM). Bottom-line, there is definitely no one size fits all 
approach. 

Income disparity: ThereGoes seem to be building disparity of trends between 
high vs low consumers. Chipotle said traffic was -5% in 2Q and said it was 
negatively impacted by softening consumer sentiment with lower income 
consumers increasingly seeking value. They said the brand saw a shift toward 
lower-priced entrees. Brunswick (BC) said YTD boat unit retail salesIn the value 
page_end

category were underperforming their initial expectations for the year, but they 
were seeing resilience in the premium and core categories. 
? 
Tariffs?Tariff exposed apparel names are not getting passes for guides heavily 
impacted by tariffs, even if sales beat. CRI is the latest example of this, with the 
stock -20% on Friday. They beat sales, but noted a $125-150M incremental tariff 
impact to the business form current tarifffates (which is about 50% of the total 
?      of EBIT form the prior year).[They noted they plan to offset a ;; of this in 
2026, which is pretty significant mitigation and pricing actions that will need to 
get taken. 

Housing: DHI had its largest one day move since the Great Financial Crisis this 
week.[This was due to EPS, despite mostInvestors pointing out to us that this 
was not a perfect print and that margins (from incentives) will remain pressured 
into 2026. We have noted for a few weeks now that we have had LO buying in the 
housing space. I would also highlight a very notable Industrial PB tidbit this week 
from our team. Housing falls between consumer & industrials, so it's worth 
noting that Industrials has seen 9 straight weeks of buying in the PB world 
(driven by short covering this week), with exposure at 5-year highs.[2] 

Singles Conversations: 
     · KDP: Generallyla preferred name still coming out of EPS, with upside to 
        both sales and margins, but small pushback that supply remains an 
        overhang and that Ghost drove a lot of the upside. 
        BIRK: Minimal push to our team's buy upgrade this week. Very active on 
        the trading side, both before and after upgrade. Reach out for details. 
        EL: A very important quarter ahead. Most of our inbounds this year have 
        flipped from short, to uninvolved, to interested longs. A combination of 
        better market share, a management plan, and the age old dream of much 
        higher EPS power. 
        HSY: Yes, there is much more interest in the name since the focus on 
        higher pricing in confectionary, however, we have picked up more 
        interest to own this before that. A top-line beat very much expected this 
        week. 
        PM: Investors seem very interested to defend it, but do not seem in a 
        rush, given we may have to wait until 4Q to get full clarity on the re- 
        acceleration in Zyn 

NKE Corporate Access This Week: Brooke Roach is hosting the NKE CFO and IR 
this Tuesday. The event was significantly oversubscribed and both Brooke and I 
have a pretty full calendar of callbacks to make. Also, this was one of our most 
actively traded names on the desk this week. 

Some EPS Standouts in the Week Ahead: 
        PG: As low of expectations and sentiment as I can remember. 
page_end

        RCL: A clear beat and raise expected. Widespread buying of the 
       cruiselines the last 2weeks, NCLH especially. 
        SBUX: Still sluggish but better expectations for QTD due to easier 
       compares. Can they navigate the improving comp angle that CMG did 
       not? 
        HSY: Much less negative expectations and positioning vs prior quarters 
       but still a far cry from a crowded long? 
        SHAK: Good quarter and commentary expected, Rnlike most in 
       restaurant world 

Defending dips? Following disappointing prints from both CMG and PM, the 
stocks were better to buy on our desk. However, they felt like token adds, 
opposed   backing up the truck. For CMG, we also@lid hear from outright bears? 
(most focused on valuation for company likely comping +low-singles). For PM, 
it's more about just figuring out the catalyst path and deciding if bulls need to 
wait too long (4Q) to get clarity on the Zyn re-acceleration. 
page_end