

 GS EU FINANCIALS SPEC SALES: 

 LONG         LLOYDS 
FICC and Equities 

I 

24 July 2025 10:05AM UTC 

This was a very strong call from the formidable duo Charlie and William. 
 The pushback from this morning on deposits mix has been well addressed 
and should be reassuring. More importantly the comments on the structural 
hedge are very constructive with 98% of 2025 being locked in and 4/5 of 
2026 also locked in. William is also pointing to slight upside to the 
structural hedge given slightly higher rates. Taking this account and CoR 
run rate at 19bps vs target of 25bps could lead to some upside on targets. 
On Motor, they still expect a decision before summer recess and base case 
might be that the supreme court in itself does not change the provisions as 
they will wait for the FCA review. Net net taking all of this into account, 
happy with my long Lloyds here and the shares could do better today. This 
is a stock still trading on 7x for 20%+ EPS growth for next 2 years and 
ROTE in the high teens. The deposits and mortgage comments should 
reassure on Natwest too ( I am       key take away are 

      DEPOSITS MIX: this was the pushback this morning which drove 
     the share price down at some point. William gave some reassuring 
      answers. First of all, there is some seasonality element in the strong 
     ISA and the months of May and June showed some tapering with 
     deposits flow returning to normality. Secondly , ISA customers are 
     profitable customers as they have deeper product holding within the 
     group (twice the avg). Thirdly the PCA outflows should be looked 
     for the first half rather than Q2 and first half outflow is small at 
     £0.7bn. 
     HEDGE: this is a bull msg as their confidence in the structural 
     hedge increasing by £1.2bn in 2025 and £1.5bn in 2026 has 
      increased. 98% of 2025 is locked in and 4/5 of 2026 is also locked in. 
page_end

     Rates are a touch stronger so the little bit of upside building 
     into that. Finally, the hedge will continue to provide support beyond 
     2026. 
     MORTGAGE: strong mortgage growth in H1 and the FCA 
     affordability is useful and expect continue strong growth in H2. 
     Spread at 70bps a few bps down from Q1 but not more than that and 
     staBRIDE TO TARGETSO 
                              Given the comment on structural hedge 
     and the COR at 19bps in H1 vs the target at 25bps, it feels we could 
     see a bit of upgrade. 

Q&A NOTES 
Mortgage spread 
70bps a couple of bps tighter QoQ 
Applications: spreads similar 
Q2 patterns to continue in Q3 
90/95bps maturity margin 
Mortgage headwind to play out in 2026, mid year. same as described 
before 

Deposits 
Picture on deposits has been favourable, Overall up 2% 
Moving piece: PCA movement in Q2diown vy 1.9bn. look at it on H1. 
0.7bn down in H1 
Strong ISA. Pleased to participate. Market share 20%. They are affluent 
customers. ISA customers have deeper product holdings withing the group 
 (twice the group avg). ISA customers are profitable customer base 
ISA connected with tax yr end. Storing flow in march, April . Tapering off 
in May and June 
Deposits flow returning to normality 

Structural hedge 
Pretty much developing as expected 
Rates touch stronger 
Little bit of upside building into that 
1.2bn higher in 2025. 1.5bn higher in 2026. Increased confidence in these 
numbers 
page_end

We have 98% of 2025 done (by quarter, more in Q4 than Q3) . We have 
4/5 of 2026 locked in 
Structural hedge 3.5yrs maturity so will continue to support beyond 2026 
Increase structural hedge by a couple of billons so show you confidence on 
deposits behaviour/ pattern 
Yield on structural hedge <swap rate and below 3% 

Mortgage pipeline 
FCA affordability changes as useful 
Volume of 5.6bn up in H1 - that's a good perf 
Continue mortgage growth in H2 

COR 
19bps in H1 CoR inside 25bps guidance 
19bps ex multiple economic scenario 
11bps in Q2 
Benign envrt across retail and commercial and everything we are seeing is 
constructive 

Equity invt 
Welcome Mnason House speech on that front both on pension and 
regulation 
But won't top line short term - takes time 

Motor 
Wait to see for the supreme 
Expect decision before summer recess 
Prov assume different supreme and FCA outcomes 
Base case Could be that we make no change to prov on the back of 
Supreme as we wait for FCA (if no extreme scenario from Supreme) 

All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the 
desk unless otherwise specified. Trade idea max loss unlimited 
page_end