

                                       RESEARCH                                                                            GLOBAL IDEA 
Morgan Stanley 
July 27, 2025 06:00 AM GMT 
                                                                                             MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC 
 Sunday Start | What's Next in Global Macro                                                  Michael D Zezas, CFA 
                                                                                             Strategist 
                                                                                             Michael.Zezas@morganstanley.com        +1 212 761-8609 
 Fighting Tariff                        Fatigue                                              Michael T Gapen 
                                                                                             Chief US Economist 
                                                                                             Michael.Gapen@morganstanley.com        +1 212 761-0571 

 Another week, another tariff deadline. This time it's Friday, August 1, the date that 
 tariffs would increase on key US trading partners such as Europe, Canada, and 
Mexico unless fresh trade deals are announced or deadlines are extended. Clients 
 we talk to are certainly jaded when it comes to the tariff topic, and we sympathize. 
 Deadlines have come and gone, tariffs have climbed (although not to the highest 
 levels threatened), but economic data and markets have not rolled over. So, it's 
 tempting to move on from the idea that US trade policy will move markets. 

 Resist that temptation. The evolution of tariffs can still create pressure and 
 opportunity. Three reasons why: (1) We're likely not yet seeing the full impact of 
 tariffs on economic data. (2) This week's tariff deliberations may matter more to the 
 economic outlook - the EU, Canada, and Mexico represent nearly half of all US 
goods imports. Consider that a five-percentage-point hike in tariffs on these trading 
 partners could double the negative impact on US GDP compared to similar 
 measures against smaller economies. (3) Some market effects of tariffs aren't tied to 
 macroeconomic impacts alone. This might be particularly true in US equities, where 
 there's important nuance across sectors. In sum, while it's certainly possible that 
 markets have priced in tariff talk and moved on, there's good reason to stay focused 
 on US trade policy in investment strategy. 

 Let's start with our US economic scenarios. We still believe the most likely outcome 
 is slow growth and firm inflation: Not a recession, but a backdrop where the adverse 
 effects of trade and immigration controls on growth outweigh the boost from 
 deregulation and fiscal largesse. We assign a 40% likelihood to this scenario. 
 Second, while we acknowledge room for optimism, we think it would require some 
 de-escalation on restrictive trade and immigration policies or an animal spirits- 
 induced bump from fiscal policy. How likely is this? We pencil in a 20% probability. 
 With some evidence of tailwinds, we cannot fully discount them. This leaves us with 
 a 40% likelihood of a trade-induced slowdown. Given the current effective tariff 
 rate, ratcheting up tariffs on important trading partners further in August - several 
 of which have responded to past trade threats with policies of their own - could 
 easily tip the scales toward a mild recession. In sum, we see outcomes for the US 
 economy skewing toward a slowdown, but with more clarity on the fiscal situation 
 and deficits now front-loaded, the risk of a substantial recession is easing. This 
 aligns with our key views across asset classes, though some markets will be more 
 sensitive than others to differences across these outcomes. 
                                                                                             Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
                                                                                             companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As a result, 
 For fixed income, we focus on rates. A tariff-induced slowdown should trigger a rally       investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
 in Treasuries as a dovish Fed turn approaches. We expect that same dynamic will             interest that could affect the objectivity of Morgan Stanley 
                                                                                             Research. Investors should consider Morgan Stanley 
 lead the US dollar to resume the weakening trend that began earlier this year, with         Research as only a single factor in making their investment 
 help from rising incentives for overseas investors to hedge their dollar over-              decision. 
                                                                                             For analyst certification and other important disclosures, 
 exposure.                                                                                   refer to the Disclosure Section, located at the end of this 
                                                                                             report. 
page_end

Morgan Stanley      RESEARCH                                                                                     GLOBAL IDEA 

Equities, too, face a nuanced landscape. Our US equity strategy team posits that 
slower growth won't interrupt the S&P's rally, crediting such tailwinds as earnings 
growth driven by a weaker dollar and greater near-term cash flow in key sectors 
from revived tax breaks. But trade policy sensitivities matter for sectors. Industrials 
and capital goods firms, for instance, have pricing power and stand to benefit from 
domestic investment tailwinds, even amid rising costs. Conversely, consumer goods 
and retail sectors are more exposed given higher imported input costs and limited 
pricing power, warranting a cautious stance. 

Bottom line ... fight the fatigue on tariffs. They're still too important for markets to 
ignore. 

Enjoy your Sunday. 

Send Us Feedback 

What I'm Reading This Week 

Global Technology: Supply Chain Reorientation 

Global Fixed Income, Tech Diffusion & GenAl: Bridging a $1.5tr Data Center Financing 
Gap 

US Public Policy: Fiscal Over the Finish Line 

South Korea: Multipolar World Multipliers 

   What We Are Watching This Week 
   TUESDAY, JULY 29 
   US Trade Deficit in Goods: We expect no change in the deficit in June. Gold 
   exports appear to have slowed, offsetting reacceleration in other exports. 
   We forecast little change in imports. 

   US JOLTS: Job openings increased in April and May, reversing some earlier 
   declines. For the private sector, May openings were 1% above their year- 
    earlier level. What looked like a downtrend has stalled. The vacancy rate 
   (openings/unemployed), at 1.07, was at the same level as in 4Q, similarly 
   signaling momentum through 2Q. 
   WEDNESDAY, JULY 30 
   Canada BoC Rate Decision: We expect the BoC to keep its policy rate 
    unchanged at 2.75%. 
   US FOMC Rate Decision: We expect the Fed to stay on hold at its July 
   meeting and make no change to balance sheet policies. In the press 
   conference, we expect Chair Powell's message to be in line with a "wait-and- 
   see" approach, emphasizing that monetary policy is "well positioned" to see 
   how the economy evolves. 
   Euro Area GDP: We expect euro area GDP growth at 0.1%Q in 2Q25, after 
    0.6%Q in 1Q25, on the back of resilient industrial production. 
   US GDP: We expect real GDP to rise at a 2.1%Q annual rate in 2Q. Domestic 
    demand continues to slow - we expect that final sales to domestic 

2 
page_end

Morgan Stanley      RESEARCH                                                                                     GLOBAL IDEA 

   purchasers to rise at a 1.2% pace following 1.5% in 1Q and 3.1% growth last 
   year. 

   THURSDAY, JULY 31 

   Japan BoJ Rate Decision: We expect the BoJ to remain on hold. The focus is 
   on whether there will be any changes in Governor Ueda's stance at his press 
   conference and in the details of the Outlook Report, following the Japan-US 
   tariff agreement that includes a reduction in automobile tariffs. 

   Japan Industrial Production: We forecast that June industrial production 
   decreases by 0.6%M and increases by 1.7%Y. 

   Japan Retail Sales: We forecast that retail sales increase by 0.9%Y in June. 

   Japan New Housing Starts: We expect that new housing starts are 0.67 
   million SAAR in June. 

   Japan Consumer Confidence Index: We expect July's consumer confidence 
   index to be 35.2. 

   Taiwan GDP: We expect a further jump in Taiwan's growth to 5.9%Y in 2Q25 
    from 5.5%Y in 1Q25, on the back of strong front-loading of exports and 
    production activity. A marginal slowdown in consumption may pose a small 
   drag yet largely offset by the strong acceleration in real exports. 

    Germany CPI: We foresee German HICP and CPI inflation to both be stable 
   at 2.0%Y in July. 

   Euro Area Unemployment Rate: We expect the euro area labor market to 
   remain solid with a stable unemployment rate of 6.3% in May. 

   US Personal Income and Spending: We expect real consumer spending to 
   rise by 0.3%M in June and nominal spending to rise by 0.6%M. We expect 
   nominal personal income to rise by 0.2%M in June. Labor compensation 
    grows similarly, up 0.25%M. 
   US PCE Inflation: We forecast core PCE inflation for June at 0.29%M. 
   Headline PCE prices probably rise 0.31%M and 2.53%Y. 

    US Employment Cost Index: The 0.9%Q rise we forecast in the ECI would 
    leave the year-on-year pace at 3.6%. 
    China Manufacturing PMI: We expect NBS manufacturing PMI to slip 30bp 
    to 49.4 in July. 
   South Africa SARB Rate Decision: We expect a 25bp cut as the balance of 
    risks to this meeting skews towards a further moderation in the policy rate. 

   FRIDAY, AUGUST 1 

   US ISM Manufacturing Index: We forecast the manufacturing ISM at 49.5 in 
   July, a slight increase from 49.0 in June. 

   Japan Unemployment Rate & New Job Offers/Application Ratio: We expect 
    the unemployment rate to be at 2.5% in June and new job offers/application 
    ratio to be at 1.25 in June. 

    Euro Area HICP: We expect euro area HICP inflation to remain stable at 
   2.0%Y in July, with core also unchanged at 2.3%Y. 

   US Employment Report: We forecast a 100k rise in payrolls. We expect the 

MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH                                                                                                    3 
page_end

Morgan Stanley      RESEARCH                                                                                     GLOBAL IDEA 

   unemployment rate to round up a tenth to 4.2%. 
   US Motor Vehicle Sales: Initial surveys suggest a strong start to 3Q: a rise to 
   a 16.1 million unit annual rate in sales, above June's 15.3 million and last year's 
   15.8 million. 

    US Construction Spending: Our -0.4%M forecast is led downward by an 
   almost 3%M decline in single-family housing construction. 

4 
page_end

                             RESEARCH                                                                                                                                   GLOBAL IDEA 
Morgan Stanley 

Disclosure Section 
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared or are disseminated by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. and/or Morgan Stanley México, 
Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and/or Morgan Stanley Canada Limited and/or Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and/or Morgan Stanley Europe S.E. and/or RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary 
Limited and/or Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Capital Group Japan Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Asia Limited and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) 
Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and/or Morgan Stanley 
Taiwan Limited and/or Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch, and/or Morgan Stanley Australia Limited (A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated 
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000001105), Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. 
INZOO0244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. 
IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: 
Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compli- 
ance@morganstanley.com which accepts the responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research, 
and their affiliates (collectively, "Morgan Stanley"). Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use Al tools in providing research services. All recommendations contained 
herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts. 
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website 
at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY, 
10036 USA. 
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any recommendation, rating or price target referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as follows: US/Canada 
+1 800 303-2495; Hong Kong +852 2848-5999; Latin America +1 718 754-5444 (U.S.); London +44 (0)20-7425-8169; Singapore +65 6834-6860; Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 
(0)3-6836-9000. Alternatively you may contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA. 

Analyst Certification 
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and that they have not received and will not 
receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this report: Ariana Salvatore; Bradley Tian; Michael D Zezas, CFA. 

Global Research Conflict Management Policy 
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. A 
Portuguese version of the policy can be found at www.morganstanley.com.br 

Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies 
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, including quality 
of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment banking revenues. Equity Research analysts' or strategists' compensation is not 
linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks. 
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, providing liquidity, fund management, 
commercial banking, extension of credit, investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. Morgan Stanley trades or may trade 
as principal in the debt securities (or in related derivatives) that are the subject of the debt research report. 
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions. 

STOCK RATINGS 
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, 
Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold and sell. Investors should carefully read the definitions of all 
ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan 
Stanley Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone. In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice. An investor's decision 
to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations. 

Global Stock Ratings Distribution 
(as of June 30, 2025) 
The Stock Ratings described below apply to Morgan Stanley's Fundamental Equity Research and do not apply to Debt Research produced by the Firm. 
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with FINRA requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated 
and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, 
hold, and sell but represent recommended relative weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a 
buy recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively. 

MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH                                                                                                                                                              5 
page_end

                             RESEARCH                                                                                                                                GLOBAL IDEA 
Morgan Stanley 

                                                                                                                                    Other Material Investment Services 
                                        Coverage Universe                          Investment Banking Clients (IBC) 
                                                                                                                                               Clients (MISC) 
             Stock Rating                                                                                         % of Rating                           % of Total Other 
                                     Count             % of Total            Count           % of Total IBC                              Count 
               Category                                                                                            Category                                  MISC 
            Overweight/Buy           1497                 40%                 372                 45%                 25%                 702                 41% 
          Equal-weight/Hold          1632                 44%                 380                 46%                 23%                 776                 45% 
            Not-Rated/Hold             4                  0%                   0                  0%                  0%                   2                   0% 

           Underweight/Sell           593                 16%                 79                  10%                 13%                 233                 14% 
                 Total               3,726                                    831                                                         1713 

Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan Stanley received investment banking compensation in the 
last 12 months. Due to rounding off of decimals, the percentages provided in the "% of total" column may not add up to exactly 100 percent. 

Analyst Stock Ratings 
Overweight (O or Over) - The stock's total return is expected to exceed the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months. 
Equal-weight (E or Equal) - The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or 
industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months. 
Not-Rated (NR) - Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's 
industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Underweight (U or Under) - The stock's total return is expected to be below the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months. 

Analyst Industry Views 
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated 
below. 
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - 
relevant MSCI country index or MSCI sub-regional index or MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index. 

Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers 
Important disclosures regarding the relationship between the companies that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC or Morgan Stanley or any 
of their affiliates, are available on the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management disclosure website at www.morganstanley.com/online/researchdisclosures. For Morgan Stanley specific disclosures, 
you may refer to www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. 
Each Morgan Stanley research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. This review and approval is conducted by the same person who reviews the 
research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley. This could create a conflict of interest. 

Other Important Disclosures 
Morgan Stanley Research policy is to update research reports as and when the Research Analyst and Research Management deem appropriate, based on developments with the issuer, the 
sector, or the market that may have a material impact on the research views or opinions stated therein. In addition, certain Research publications are intended to be updated on a regular periodic 
basis (weekly/monthly/quarterly/annual) and will ordinarily be updated with that frequency, unless the Research Analyst and Research Management determine that a different publication 
schedule is appropriate based on current conditions. 
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the recommendations or views expressed 
in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For all research available on a particular stock, please contact 
your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix. 
Morgan Stanley Research is provided to our clients through our proprietary research portal on Matrix and also distributed electronically by Morgan Stanley to clients. Certain, but not all, Morgan 
Stanley Research products are also made available to clients through third-party vendors or redistributed to clients through alternate electronic means as a convenience. For access to all 
available Morgan Stanley Research, please contact your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix. 
Any access and/or use of Morgan Stanley Research is subject to Morgan Stanley's Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). By accessing and/or using Morgan Stanley 
Research, you are indicating that you have read and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). In addition you consent to Morgan Stanley processing 
your personal data and using cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html), including for the purposes of 
setting your preferences and to collect readership data so that we can deliver better and more personalized service and products to you. To find out more information about how Morgan Stanley 
processes personal data, how we use cookies and how to reject cookies see our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html). 
If you do not agree to our Terms of Use and/or if you do not wish to provide your consent to Morgan Stanley processing your personal data or using cookies please do not access our research. 
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and objectives of those 
who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. 
The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research 

6 
page_end

                              RESEARCH                                                                                                                                  GLOBAL IDEA 
 Morgan Stanley 

 may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the 
 solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes 
 in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There 
 may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future 
 performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject 
 company's securities/instruments. 
 The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, 
 including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or revenues), client feedback and competitive 
 factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the 
 profitability or revenues of particular trading desks. 
 The "Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or more of a class of common 
 equity securities of the companies. For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment of less than 1% in securities/instruments or 
 derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the 
 preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different 
 from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated persons. 
 With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive 
 information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete. We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from 
 when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information 
 known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel. 
 Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of associated expenses unless 
 pre-approved by authorized members of Research management. 
 Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report. 
 To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). 
 Such information is for your reference only. The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions. Morgan Stanley Research 
 may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley. Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 
 7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party 
 (including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the 
 appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation 
 or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments. MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments. 
 Certain information in Morgan Stanley Research was sourced by employees of the Shanghai Representative Office of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited for the use of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited. 
 Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC. Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or 
 the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant 
 approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision 
 of any consultancy or advisory service of securities investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only. 
 Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, São Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão 
 de Valores Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley México, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, 
 Col. Bosques de las Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group 
Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia 
 (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
 Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan 
 Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118)); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
 Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail 
 clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
 No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having 
 Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration 
 No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National 
 Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; 
 Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
 Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use Al tools in providing research services. 
 All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited; in Germany and the European Economic Area where 
 required by Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., authorised and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley 
 & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
 Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) 
 are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"); (ii) are persons who are 
 high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member 
 of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory 
 (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by FirstRand Limited. The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital 
 Market Authority in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only. 
 The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) 
 or by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as 

 MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH                                                                                                                                                             7 
page_end

                              RESEARCH                                                                                                                               GLOBAL IDEA 
Morgan Stanley 

 defined by the DFSA or the FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets 
 the regulatory criteria of a Professional Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available 
 upon request from your sales representative. 
 The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
 (the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA. 
 As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment 
 advisory service is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These 
 opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about 
outcomes that fit your expectations. 
 The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating 
 to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was 
 developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P. 
 Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
 Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework. 
 The issuers and/or fixed income products recommended or discussed in certain fixed income research reports may not be continuously followed. Accordingly, investors should regard those 
 fixed income research reports as providing stand-alone analysis and should not expect continuing analysis or additional reports relating to such issuers and/or individual fixed income products. 
 Morgan Stanley may hold, from time to time, material financial and commercial interests regarding the company subject to the Research report. 

 Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance 
 of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read 
 all the related documents carefully before investing. 
The following authors are neither Equity Research Analysts/Strategists nor Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity or 
 fixed income securities: Michael T Gapen. 
 The following authors are Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity securities: Michael D Zezas, CFA; Ariana Salvatore; 
 Bradley Tian. 

 c 2025 Morgan Stanley 

 8 
page_end