jpmorgan.com | Privacy Policy | Online Activity Safeguards | Cookies Policy 
J.P. Morgan Market Intelligence is a product of the Prime Finance business of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and the intellectual property thereof. It is not a product of the 
Research Department and is intended for distribution to institutional and professional customers only and is not intended for retail customer use. It may not be reproduced, 
redistributed, or transmitted, in whole or in part, without J.P. Morgan's consent. Any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited. 

This material may include summaries and references to recently published research notes and reports by J.P. Morgan's Research Departments. For complete details on 
the specific companies mentioned, including analyst certification, valuations, and important investment banking related disclosures, you should refer to the most recently 
published note or report, which is available through www.jpmm.com. You may also find a link to the complete disclosure information on all companies covered by J.P. 
Morgan's Equity Research Department on the log-in page of our institutional client website, https://jpmm.com/research/disclosures. This material also may include market 
commentary prepared by the individual author on specific companies or instruments that J.P. Morgan's Research Departments may or may not cover. Unless otherwise 
specifically stated, any views or opinions expressed herein are solely those of the individual author and may differ from the views and opinions expressed by J.P. Morgan's 
Research Departments or other divisions of J.P. Morgan and its affiliates. 

Structured securities, options, futures, and other derivatives are complex instruments, may involve a high degree of risk, and may be appropriate investments only for 
sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding and assuming the risks involved. Because of the importance of tax considerations to many option transactions, 
the investor considering options should consult with his/her tax advisor as to how taxes affect the outcome of contemplated option transactions. For further information on 
the risks involved with various option strategies, please consult the Options Clearing Corporations Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. The document can 
be viewed at: http://www.optionsclearing.com/publications/riskstoc.pdf. 

This material is provided for information only and is not intended as a recommendation or an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or financial 
instrument. This material is not a complete analysis of all material facts respecting any issuer, industry, or security or of your investment objectives, parameters, needs or 
financial situation, and therefore is not a sufficient basis alone on which to base an investment decision. J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may have positions (long or short), 
effect transactions or make markets in securities or financial instruments mentioned herein (or options with respect thereto), or provide advice or loans to, or participate in 
the underwriting or restructuring of the obligations of, issuers mentioned herein. Moreover, a J.P. Morgan trading desk may have acted on the basis of this material. The 
information contained herein is as of the date and time referenced above and J.P. Morgan does not undertake any obligation to update such information. All market prices, 
data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
The investments discussed may fluctuate in price or value. Changes in rates of exchange may have an adverse effect on the value of investments. Transactions involving 
financial instruments mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors. J.P. Morgan has no obligation to update the Trade Idea(s). The validity period for the Trade 
Idea(s) is short term, it will last only as long as the market conditions at the time of dissemination. Any dates and times stated in the Trade Idea(s) may not be precise or 
exact and should be used for guidance only. Unless stated otherwise in the Trade Idea(s), the date and time of dissemination are the date and time the relevant Trade 
Idea(s) are communicated. J.P. Morgan may today, or in the future, do business or enter into transactions on a principal basis for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to 
which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable Trade Idea(s). J.P. Morgan employees or agents may personally hold 
investments or enter transactions for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable 
Trade Idea(s). 

Supporting documentation or any claims, comparisons, recommendations, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. J.P. Morgan is the marketing 
name for the Corporate & Investment Bank of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, member of SIPC, FINRA 
and NYSE. Clients should contact their salespersons at, and execute transactions through, a J.P. Morgan entity qualified in their home jurisdiction unless governing law 
permits otherwise. 

IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including 
any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax related penalties. 

Copyright   2025 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.