MONETIZATION MENU (repost from July 21 Morning Briefing) - We like longs in MegaCap 
       Tech, Cyclicals, and high beta plays. At the country/region-level, we like Australia, China (Tech), 
       and Japan but think the US will outperform RoW in the near-term. We would consider longs in 
       VIX or VIX products as well as SPX puts/put spreads to hedge any near-term downside 

WHITE HOUSE'S AI ACTION PLAN - Josh Meyers; a full copy of the action plan is here 
       BOOST TO DOMESTIC SEMICONDUCTOR PRODUCTION: 1) Restoration of U.S. 
       Semiconductor Manufacturing (streamlining regulations & reducing policy requirements to drive 
       capital investment in fabs and R&D; sounds like they will reform, not eliminate, CHIPS); 2) 
       Enhanced Export Controls & Supply Chain Security (including plugging gaps in current controls 
       to protect IP, but also meeting global demand for Al by exporting our full Al technology stack - 
       hardware, models, software, applications, and standards - to all countries willing to join our Al 
       alliance). 
   ·   ACCELERATION OF TECH HARDWARE DEMAND & INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES: 1) 
       Investment in AI & DC Infrastructure (build high-security datacenters and a robust Al 
       infrastructure backbone); 2) Expedited Environmental Permitting and Infrastructure Development 
       (shorten timelines and lower costs) 
       SEMI-CAP GROWTH: 1) Support for AI-Enabling Technologies (emphasizing domestic 
       production, workforce training, and infrastructure investment - including data centers and 
       upgraded electrical grids); 2) Increased Gov't & Trade Support. 
       CHINA: Pages 20-21 seems to take a hardline on Chinese influence, and to focus on export 
       control - including enhanced monitoring (which China may not like) and exploring "new measures 
       to address gaps in semiconductor manufacturing export controls, coupled with enhanced 
       enforcement" together with our allies ... globally. 

MEME STOCKS - Manish Sinha 

   ·   Retail buying is showing similarities to 2021 levels, prompting analysis of current patterns. Retail 
       purchases in high short interest stocks may indicate current market behavior. 
    . Historical instances of similar retail sentiment bounces occurred during COVID and when the 10- 
       year yield hit 5% at the end of 2023. 
       In both scenarios, retail buying on short interest stocks recovered to neutral or slightly positive 
       levels. The current squeeze sentiment indicator is comparable to levels seen during the COVID 
       bounce and GME squeezes in 2021. 2021 buying was driven by a new growth cycle due to 
       vaccines and increased COVID-related money supply.